Make type b in Create Indicator Relationship required (#17993)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_18_16.md

#### Scripts
##### CreateIndicatorRelationship

> - Added an exception in case *entity_b_type* parameter is not supplied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an exception in cases where the *entity_b_type* parameter is not supplied.
```
